XMSG-RSS
(C) 2006 Michał Górny <peres@peres.int.pl>
------------------------

XMSG-RSS is XMSG-plugin-based RSS headline reader. It does consist of two parts.
The first one, xmsgrss.pl, is main script, which reads feeds database, refreshes
all feeds, then sends new messages through XMSG and rewrites db. The second one
is xmsghandler.d script, which allows user to easily update database from their
XMSG-capable IM.

The feature list is not long now. XMSG-RSS saves in its database last-headline
ID to not send the same headlines two times. But if some way headline order
changes or our 'last headline' disappears, XMSG-RSS will resend all headlines.

We also keep Last-Modified header in db, if available. Then we resend it as
If-Modified-Since, so that we won't download unmodified feeds again and again.

XMSG-RSS uses also Syslog, to which it is writing information about processed
feeds, in the form 'name: action taken'.

How to use it? First, you'll need some XMSG-capable IM, that is EKG2
(<http://www.ekg2.org>, xmsg is available only in fresh CVS versions). Then you
should read XMSG plugin README, and prepare yourself XMSG environment.

Then, you should put xmsgrss.pl and db.example in some directory, and rename the
second one to something less-exampling. XMSG incoming message directory should
be also adjusted inside SimpleXMSG.pm ($msgdir variable). To run feedupdate, you
must call xmsgrss.pl with path to database file. You may put this into cron.d,
so your feeds will be refreshed automagically.

You can edit the database with any text editor, its' file format is very simple.
One record is one line, if line begins with #, it's a comment. Field seperator
is ##, in the beginning of database, xmsg writes field use as a comment. You
shouldn't put your own comments, because xmsg will remove them in next run (-;.

You can also use XMSG-handler based interface. To get started, you should get
yourself xmsghandler.d package, and read its' README. Then you can put or
symlink xmsgrssxhandler.pl into your xmsghandler.d directory, and adjust paths
inside. Don't forget to set xmsg-session's send_cmd. Then just write 'help'
(without quotes) to xmsg:rss UID.

That's all for now. I'm very sorry if that README is too difficult to understand
for you, but I'm a programmer, not helpwriter. I can only wish you good luck.
